Part 3 of Issue246 block fees and rewards (#2466)
bosagora/agora: doc/Database.md

| val        | TEXT     | Hash   | NOT NULL    | In both case a hash, but the node could just query `ValidatorSet` |

### `block_fees` table

> Keep track of fees as blocks are externalized (when the UTXO set has all the inputs still)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep track of fees as blocks are externalized. This needs to be done when a block is externalized,
as once the inputs are consumed, there will be no way to calculate them.
```

A bit more verbose but hopefully clearer too. Alterations welcome.

Author: Updates
